[ci-visibility] Custom commands with support for more CI providers (#24274)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/pipelines/awscodepipeline.md

### Correlate pipelines with tests

If you are using [Test Visibility][8] and your pipeline contains one or more [AWS CodeBuild][9] actions to execute tests, you can correlate your tests

> with the related pipeline inside Datadog Pipeline Visibility. To do this [refer to the section below](#add-the-pipeline-execution-id-as-an-environment-variable)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the related pipeline inside Datadog Pipeline Visibility. For instructions, refer to [Add the pipeline execution ID](#add-the-pipeline-execution-id-as-an-environment-variable).
```

<div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: Job log collection is not available for <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/data_security/pci_compliance/?tab=logmanagement">PCI-compliant organizations.</a></div>

### Add the pipeline execution ID as an environment variable

> The pipeline execution ID is an identifier Datadog needs to uniquely identify a pipeline execution. This is needed for correlating pipelines with tests and custom commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pipeline execution ID is an identifier Datadog needs to uniquely identify a pipeline execution. Perform the following steps to assign a pipeline execution ID to correlate pipelines with tests and custom commands:
```

> The pipeline execution ID is an identifier Datadog needs to uniquely identify a pipeline. This is needed for correlating pipelines with tests, custom tags and custom commands:

Author: Right, good point. I will change it to `pipeline execution`
